FC-1145: :memo:  Foundations Chapter (#8)
Templum/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/ToolbeltDocumentation/mtls-client.md

| `body?` | `any` |  |
| `options?` | [`MTLSOptions`](#interface-mtlsoption) | Request specific options |

#### Returns

`Promise`<[`MTLSResponse`](#interface-mtlsresponse)\>

___

### put

▸ **put**(`url`, `headers?`, `body?`, `options?`): `Promise`<[`MTLSResponse`](#interface-mtlsresponse)\>

Performing a MTLS put request using the configured client certificate + key.

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
| :------ | :------ | :------ |
| `url` | `string` |  |
| `headers?` | [`Header`](#interface-header) |  |
| `body?` | `any` |  |
| `options?` | [`MTLSOptions`](#interface-mtlsoption) | Request specific options |

#### Returns

`Promise`<[`MTLSResponse`](#interface-mtlsresponse)\>

___

## Related Interfaces / Type

### Interface: MTLSResponse

**Properties:**

- **headers**: \[key: `string`\]: `string`
- **statusCode**: `number`
- `Optional` **body**: `any`

### Interface: MTLSOptions

**Properties:**

- `Optional` **allowSelfSigned**: `boolean`

To ignore errors raised by self-signed certificates on the called endpoint.
Alternative to this is providing the ca-cert as part of the clientTLS config.

- `Optional` **json**: `boolean`

> Set this flag to true, to automatically stringify body + set correct content header. And parse response to json.

Reviewer: I thin json should be with cap letters  (JSON) everywhere

Author: It's generated from source code. Hence we should adjust and then recreate it.

- `Optional` **timeout**: `number`

> Time in ms until request should timeout. Please be aware that MTLS call take longer then regular http calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time in ms until request should timeout. Please be aware that MTLS calls take longer than regular HTTP calls.
```

### Interface: Header

**Properties:**

- \[name: `string`\]: `string`

### Interface: ClientTLS

**Properties:**

- `Optional` **ca**: `string` \| [`Buffer`](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)

Certificate of the CA, this is relevant when endpoint that is called

> has an self-signed certificate. The certificate needs to be in PEM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has a self-signed certificate. The certificate needs to be in PEM format.
```
